>> Sarah Drasner: I'm gonna teach you
a little bit about how to work with
GreenSock with this Monster, because
I don't like live coding very much.
So this simple TweenMax to eye,
so he blinks his eye.
He's gonna teach you how to blink his eye.
And if you have Two Tweens, and a eye, and
antenna, they both
happen at the same time.
Now let's say, I have a time line and
I apply I changed TweenMax to tl,
they go one after each other,
they follow each other in time.
Then I'm gonna wrap it in a function and
call that function, and
it's the same thing they're functionally
equivalent it's a little bit more code.
But the point is, I can add another
function where he flaps his wings, and
add it to the timeline
in any order I want.
And I have him blinking his antenna,
and he's flapping.
So then he's gonna say goodbye to you,
bye!
Okay, that's our little Monster.
I am also gonna live code for
you, because I like you.